Your Highness, you also bled earlier.
Drink some warming medicine while it’s still hot.
When you were young,
I always had to prepare a lotus seed candy for you
before you would take your medicine.
Thank you.
Li Gongguan, make sure to take good care of the Emperor with Dr. Hu.
Lord Shen, come with me.
Your Highness, where are you feeling unwell?
Don’t worry, I’m fine.
That’s good. What happened today?
Why did the Emperor lose control suddenly?
The Emperor, he—
Your Majesty, I—
have gathered all evidence regarding Prince Duan’s rebellion.
Please review it, Your Majesty.
This fool usually indulges in the changing of plants,
accepting bribes and corruption.
He enjoys playing with machinery.
Without Prince Duan, I don’t know when it started,
but in the court, he caused chaos,
betraying loyal officials and harming the people.
He even contacted enemy states.
What a bold move.